so different generations have different views of what's appropriate, Uh,
but I but that's really a perception. I think if you treat people
with respect, then then you don't have to worry about the difference
in views of what's appropriate or not. You know, things you learned
early in life. Keep your hands to yourself. Talk to people as if you
were talking to your mother. All those types of ideas you could be.
You don't need to worry about how the generational, uh, of what's
appropriate. Cross generational across generations if you just but
exhibit respect for that individual. Now, some things you can't help
some people are. Some people are sensitive to how you interact with
them. Some people do not respond well to the directness that is inherent
in the military, and you do need you may need to soften that a
little bit. That's generally my advice on that